this is the movieclips weekly five where
we give you five things you might want
to know about the entertainment world
this week star trek into darkness open
this past weekend with an estimated 84
million dollars over four days well this
is a solid opening many are considering
at somewhat of a disappointment
considering 2009 Star Trek open to 86
million and that was without the
inflation of imax and 3d showings a lot
of speculators are tribute this to the
jam-packed may schedule of blockbuster
movies before midnight the new film
starring ethan hawke and julie delpy
comes out in limited release the film
directed by Richard Linklater is the
third in a trilogy beginning with before
sunrise and before sunset each
surrounding two characters Jesse and
Celine and their romantic rendezvous
this film was acclaimed its premiere at
the Sundance Film Festival widely being
regarded as the most satisfying
conclusion imaginable for the story
Steven Soderbergh side effects comes out
on blu ray this week while this film
didn't quite like the box office on fire
it earned a very respectable eighty-five
percent on Rotten Tomatoes like also de
Burgh's work is visually striking and
endlessly entertaining featuring an
amazing cast including rooney mara jude
law channing tatum and catherine
zeta-jones Valois advertises an intense
socially conscious thriller but did not
really come across with the sleazy
ridiculous fun of the movie Soderbergh
recently gave a lecture providing his
insight about how the lack of financial
success of side effects reflects a
bigger problem within the studio system
to watch his state of cinema lecture
click the link below
drew Pearce assigned not to write the
script for mission impossible 5 Pierce
already had one huge hit this year with
his script for iron man 3 which he
co-wrote with shane black it looks like
he'll have another hit on his hand from
Pacific Rim comes out this July which he
also scripted Christopher McQuarrie
director of Jack Reacher is still in
talks to direct Al Pacino has been
confirmed to star in David Gordon
Green's new drama manglehorn David
Gordon Green has Prince avalanche coming
out this summer and although he has
directed mostly studio comedies like
pineapple express in the sitter in
recent years he got his start to reckon
gritty indie dramas like snow angels and
the brilliant all the real girls
manglehorn seems to be more of a return
to form for green with Pacino playing a
man who is trying to forgive himself for
a crime that cost him the love of his
life this was the movie clips weekly 5
click to subscribe and make sure that
you comment below to let us know what
you're excited about this week thanks
for watching